h3. BlackMagic Ticket Tweaks Plugin

Trac in 0.11 provided us with this incredibly powerful and terrible bit of dark power -- the ability to apply Genshi Transformers to the templates before they hit the user. The power is awesome; and with this plugin I have abused that power for evil purposes. 

This is a copy of the BlackMagic Ticket Tweaks Plugin with some additions and bug fixes

<a href="http://trac-hacks.org/wiki/BlackMagicTicketTweaksPlugin">http://trac-hacks.org/wiki/BlackMagicTicketTweaksPlugin</a>

Basically, the plugin adds the ability to tweak any of the Ticket fields-- be they custom or standard-- in the following ways:

* disable - The field won't be editable.
* hide - The field will simply be invisible.
* label - Rename a field... in particular one of the built-in fields.
* notice - Add a small notice below a field.
* tip - Provide a pretty java-script tooltip when the control overs over the field. (Useful, for example, to give people a reminder for the difference between 'priority' and 'severity'
* permission - Set a permission that is required to edit that specific field. This is particularly useful in an environment where you let users set severity-- so they need @TICKET_CHGPROP@-- but you only want certain people to be able to edit the Priority. 
* ondenial - What to do when a denial happens: hide or disable

It also adds some CSS classes to the items that are modified so we can style them easier.


h3. Installing

@sudo python setup.py install@

Add this to your @trac.ini@ file

<pre>[components]
blackmagic.* = enabled</pre>


<pre>[blackmagic]
tweaks = cc, priority, severity</pre>


<pre>[blackmagic]
tweaks = priority
priority.permission = TRAC_ADMIN</pre>


<pre>[blackmagic]
permissions = TICKET_CHG_PRIORITY, TICKET_CHG_CC</pre>



h3. Example

<pre>[blackmagic]
permissions = MY_DEV
tweaks = milestone, version, description, summary, keywords, priority, owner, targetversion

targetversion.permission = MY_DEV
targetversion.label = To Be Fixed in Version

milestone.permission = MY_DEV
milestone.label = To Be Fixed in Version

owner.permission = MY_DEV

priority.permission = MY_DEV

description.notice = Be sure to add code sample file or link to live page for functional bugs

version.label = Observed in Version
version.notice = Specify version of library in which issue occurs

keywords.label = Tags
</pre>
